readme.md, before:

<a name="readme-top">

<br/>

<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/zyx-0314/">
  <!-- TODO: If you want to add logo or banner you can add it here -->
    <img src="./assets/img/nyebe_white.png" alt="Nyebe" width="130" height="100">
  </a>
<!-- TODO: Change Title to the name of the title of your Project -->
  <h3 align="center">Title</h3>
</div>
<!-- TODO: Make a short description -->
<div align="center">
  Short Description. (Optional)
</div>

<br />

<!-- TODO: Change the zyx-0314 into your github username  -->
<!-- TODO: Change the WD-Template-Project into the same name of your folder -->
![](https://visit-counter.vercel.app/counter.png?page=zyx-0314/WD-Template-Project)

---

<br />
<br />

<!-- TODO: If you want to add more layers for your readme -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#overview">Overview</a>
      <ol>
        <li>
          <a href="#key-components">Key Components</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="#technology">Technology</a>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#rule,-practices-and-principles">Rules, Practices and Principles</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#resources">Resources</a>
    </li>
  </ol>
</details>

---

## Overview

<!-- TODO: To be changed -->
<!-- The following are just sample -->
Description of the project in details.

Guiding Question:
- What is the project
- Whats the purpose
- What are key components
- What technology used and how it is used

### Key Components
<!-- TODO: List of Key Components -->
<!-- The following are just sample -->
- MultiPage Website/Single Page Website
- Parallax transition
- Transactional

### Technology
<!-- TODO: List of Technology Used -->
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=white)

## Rules, Practices and Principles
1. Always use `WD-` in the front of the Title of the Project for the Subject followed by your custom naming.
2. Do not rename any .html files; always use `index.html` as the filename.
3. Place Files in their respective folders.
4. All file naming are in camel case.
   - Camel case is naming format where there is no white space in separation of each words, the first word is in all lower case while the succeding words first letter are in upper followed by lower cased letters.
   - ex.: buttonAnimatedStyle.css
5. Use only `External CSS`.
6. Renaming of Pages folder names are a must, and relates to what it is doing or data it holding.
7. File Structure to follow below.

```
WD-ProjectName
└─ assets
|   └─ css
|   |   └─ style.css
|   └─ img
|   |   └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
|   └─ js
|       └─ script.js
└─ pages
|  └─ pageName
|     └─ assets
|     |  └─ css
|     |  |  └─ style.css
|     |  └─ img
|     |  |  └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
|     |  └─ js
|     |     └─ script.js
|     └─ index.html
└─ index.html
└─ readme.md
```

## Resources

<!-- TODO: Add References -->
| Title | Purpose | Link |
|-|-|-|
| Stock photo 1 | Sample purpose would be here like this and this is the example of what it is. | trykolang.com |

Commit message:

Edited Readme and Completed the the card section

readme.md, after:

<a name="readme-top">

<br/>

<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/franciscasedo/">
  <!-- TODO: If you want to add logo or banner you can add it here -->
    <img src="./assets/img/Placeholder Logo.jpg" alt="Nyebe" width="130" height="100">
  </a>
<!-- TODO: Change Title to the name of the title of your Project -->
  <h3 align="center">Hands on 2</h3>
</div>
<!-- TODO: Make a short description -->
<div align="center">
  This seatwork is to show my skills and my creativity in the creation of Hero section and card display
</div>

<br />

![](https://visit-counter.vercel.app/counter.png?page=franciscasedo/Hands-On-2)

---

<br />
<br />

<br />

<!-- TODO: Change the zyx-0314 into your github username  -->
<!-- TODO: Change the WD-Template-Project into the same name of your folder -->
![](https://visit-counter.vercel.app/counter.png?page=franciscasedo/WD-Hands-On-2)

---

<br />
<br />

<!-- TODO: If you want to add more layers for your readme -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#overview">Overview</a>
      <ol>
        <li>
          <a href="#key-components">Key Components</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="#technology">Technology</a>
        </li>
      </ol>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#rule,-practices-and-principles">Rules, Practices and Principles</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#resources">Resources</a>
    </li>
  </ol>
</details>

---

## Overview

<!-- TODO: To be changed -->
<!-- The following are just sample -->
Description of the project in details.

This project includes a landing page which allows you to go to 5 other pages where the 4 showcases a hero section while the last is the card gallery which showcases 5 static card designs and 5 animated card designs

### Key Components
<!-- TODO: List of Key Components -->
<!-- The following are just sample -->
- MultiPage Website
- Animations

### Technology
<!-- TODO: List of Technology Used -->
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

## Rules, Practices and Principles
1. Always use `WD-` in the front of the Title of the Project for the Subject followed by your custom naming.
2. Do not rename any .html files; always use `index.html` as the filename.
3. Place Files in their respective folders.
4. All file naming are in camel case.
   - Camel case is naming format where there is no white space in separation of each words, the first word is in all lower case while the succeding words first letter are in upper followed by lower cased letters.
   - ex.: buttonAnimatedStyle.css
5. Use only `External CSS`.
6. Renaming of Pages folder names are a must, and relates to what it is doing or data it holding.
7. File Structure to follow below.

```
WD-ProjectName
└─ assets
|   └─ css
|   |   └─ style.css
|   └─ img
|   |   └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
|   └─ js
|       └─ script.js
└─ pages
|  └─ pageName
|     └─ assets
|     |  └─ css
|     |  |  └─ style.css
|     |  └─ img
|     |  |  └─ fileWith.jpeg/.jpg/.webp/.png
|     |  └─ js
|     |     └─ script.js
|     └─ index.html
└─ index.html
└─ readme.md
```

## Resources

<!-- TODO: Add References -->
| Title | Purpose | Link |
|-|-|-|
| Hero References | Layout of the hero was based on this video | https://youtu.be/kJb6BZwqCGM?si=1nHsMcdMH2b-BPJ- |
| Fonts | Several fonts I used came from here |https://fonts.google.com/ |
|Stock Photos|Photos that where used mostly came from here <I checked na hindi required mag attribute ng photographer/artist|https://www.pexels.com/|
